# SingleUseCouponsCouponOffer

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **string** | PassKit generated offer id (22 characters). | [optional] 
**offerTitle** | **string** | The offer title; will be shown on the enrolment page. | 
**localizedOfferTitle** | [**\PkIo\Model\IoLocalizedString**](IoLocalizedString.md) |  | [optional] 
**offerShortTitle** | **string** | The offer short title. | [optional] 
**localizedOfferShortTitle** | [**\PkIo\Model\IoLocalizedString**](IoLocalizedString.md) |  | [optional] 
**offerDetails** | **string** | The offer details; will be shown on the enrolment page. | 
**localizedOfferDetails** | [**\PkIo\Model\IoLocalizedString**](IoLocalizedString.md) |  | [optional] 
**offerFinePrint** | **string** | The offer fine print. | [optional] 
**localizedOfferFinePrint** | [**\PkIo\Model\IoLocalizedString**](IoLocalizedString.md) |  | [optional] 
**beforeRedeemPassTemplateId** | **string** | The pass template ID that coupons will use when in unredeemed state. All coupons for the offer are issued in unredeemed state. | 
**afterRedeemPassTemplateId** | **string** | Optional pass template ID that coupons will use when switched to redeemed state. | [optional] 
**quota** | [**\PkIo\Model\IoQuota**](IoQuota.md) |  | [optional] 
**couponExpirySettings** | [**\PkIo\Model\SingleUseCouponsCouponExpirySettings**](SingleUseCouponsCouponExpirySettings.md) |  | [optional] 
**redemptionSettings** | [**\PkIo\Model\SingleUseCouponsRedemptionSettings**](SingleUseCouponsRedemptionSettings.md) |  | [optional] 
**issueStartDate** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Optional date when coupons can start to be issued. Defaults to the campaign start date. Needs to be greater than / equal to the campaign start date. Needs to be less than / equal to the campaign end date. | [optional] 
**issueEndDate** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Optional date when coupons can no longer be issued. Defaults to the campaign end date. Needs to be less than / equal to the campaign end date. | [optional] 
**created** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date when the offer was created. | [optional] 
**updated** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date the offer was last updated. | [optional] 
**campaignId** | **string** | The campaign id that the offer belongs to (1 campaign can have multiple offers). This field cannot be changed once an offer is linked to a campaign. | [optional] 
**distributionSettings** | [**\PkIo\Model\IoDistributionSettings**](IoDistributionSettings.md) |  | [optional] 
**shortCode** | **string** | The offer shortcode generated by the system. If the campaign is public, then this shortcode can be used to generate the coupon-create URL. | [optional] 
**ianaTimezone** | **string** | The offer timezone. | [optional] 
**disabled** | **bool** | Can be used to temporarily disable the coupon (i.e. if you ran out of your promotion item, you can temporarily disable all live coupons, and activate them again later on when your item is in stock again). | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

